노바메저링인스트루먼트코리아주식회사
[NOVA] Field Service Engineer MMD 
- 근무지 평택
노바메저링인스트루먼트코리아주식회사는 2011년에 설립된 회사로 자본금 1억원, 매출액 60억 6,337만원, 사원수 91명 규모의 외국계(외국 투자기업)입니다. 경기도 화성시 동탄대로 23길, 93 아너스카이 빌등 4층, 노바메저링인스트루먼트코리아 주식회사에 위치하고 있으며, 측정장치유지및기술지원등사업을 하고 있습니다.
포지션 및 자격요건
MMD FSE
( ○명 )
Role
ㆍProvide service (Installation, Proactive Maintenance, Breakdown Maintenance) for Veraflex Series (XPS) System and Metrion (SIMS) to customer.
ㆍExecutes project handling, customer support, including modifying, troubleshooting, diagnosing, installing, customer training and repairing of NOVA system.
ㆍAct as primary contact between Nova Korea and customer related to system performance, collection of system reliability data, reporting and customer satisfaction.
ㆍQuantify system performance, including system to system matching, using statistical techniques.
ㆍCoordinate all service activities with customer to maximize system tool up time.
ㆍContributing to the growth of the company through a successful team.

Responsibilities
ㆍTechnical orientation 
1. Good technical skills and systemic understanding
2. Potential Ability to grow up fast
ㆍProblem-Solving ? Continuous Learning
1. High troubleshooting and problem-solving skills after joining the team
2. Excellent self-learning capabilities - always looking to deepen knowledge of existing systems, technologies, and products
ㆍCommunication skills : Customer-Centric Focus
1. Clear and effective oral and written Korean and English communication skills
2. Ability to actively participate in meetings with brands, customers and other external bodies
 Requirements
ㆍEducation:  Bachelor`s or master’s in engineering or relevant field.
ㆍExperience:  3+ years of Technical Experience in Semi-conductor industry.
ㆍKnowledge:  Understanding of semiconductor tech and vacuum chamber experience.
ㆍFlexibility:  Flexible response to company`s various needs
ㆍLanguage:  Good in English, both written and verbal.

Advantage
ㆍA wealth of knowledge in machine learning ? an advantage to do FSE role.
ㆍProficient English ? an advantage to solve or collaborate with HQ.
ㆍPrevious experience in the Semiconductor industry ? an advantage of new technology learning 

전형절차
ㆍ서류전형 > 면접전형 > 레퍼런스 체크 > 최종합격
ㆍ면접일정은 추후 통보됩니다.

유의사항
ㆍ허위사실이 발견될 경우 채용이 취소될 수 있습니다.
ㆍ영문이력서 미제출시 서류 심사 불가합니다.