IT 담당자 모집

포지션 및 자격요건
IT 담당자
( 1명 )


담당업무
ㆍProvides a single point of contact for end users (VIPs, Traders, FO/MO/BO users, Visitors) to receive support and maintenance within the organization`s desktop computing environment. This includes installing, diagnosing, repairing, maintaining desktop hardware (PCs, monitors, printers…etc)
ㆍSupport for all telephony equipment (desk phones, headsets, trading turrets, corporate mobiles, phone recordings and VC systems) maintenance to ensure optimal working environment
ㆍProvide troubleshooting support (in person, by telephone, or via email) in a timely and accurate fashion and provide end-user assistance where required
ㆍWork independently and escalate issues to regional L2/L3 IT teams
ㆍProvides 1st level support on business applications and escalates to the appropriate support team as needed
ㆍEnsures Natixis technology assets are properly used, monitored and recorded in our inventories.
ㆍResponsible for recording all users’ request in ServiceNow ticketing system, with accuracy and an appropriate level of details.
ㆍCollaborates with other Helpdesk teams in the region (by communicating about findings, fixes and documentation, whenever required)
ㆍSupport local obligations for Business Continuity
ㆍMaintains the IT software is in line with company required version
ㆍWorking with local vendors/regulator and application support team to deploy the new applications for users
ㆍEnsure all IT hardware/software/infrastructure meet local regulator’s requirement
ㆍDocument and communicate to regional IT and compliance any divergence or discrepancy
ㆍManaging local IT procurement. Sorting providers, preparing purchase request and dealing with the payment with Financial team
ㆍArrange to relocate the IT equipment when there is any seating relocation of users.
ㆍEnsure compliance with bank policy and document any discrepancy
ㆍTo provide support to coordinate with regional IT, local team and external auditors in case of IT queries or related matters
ㆍOffsite support and over-time work are necessary in BCP or emergency case

핵심역량
ㆍ 협동심, 성실성, 꼼꼼함

자격요건
ㆍExperience in supporting computer hardware (PC, server, VDI, laptop, turret and mobile & handhelds) and software (Windows Desktop - win7 and win10, MS Office ? 2010,2016,365, Airwatch) and basic back-end administration (Windows Server, AD, SCCM, Exchange, networking)
ㆍBachelor in IT related discipline. MCTS/MCITP/MCSE certifications an advantage
ㆍProactive and positive attitude. Excellent customer service oriented mindset
ㆍBanking / Finance experience is a plus.
ㆍ***Excellent verbal and written communications skills in English
ㆍShift work is required


전형절차
ㆍ서류전형 > 1차면접 > 2차면접(영어면접) > 임원면접 > 최종합격
ㆍ면접일정은 추후 통보됩니다.

유의사항
ㆍ허위사실이 발견될 경우 채용이 취소될 수 있습니다.