에스이에스에이아이코리아 유한회사
Senior Data Engineer
포지션 및 자격요건
Senior Data Engineer 
( 1명 )
Role Introduction
ㆍ SES is seeking a talented Senior Data Engineer to join our team. The successful candidate is committed and dedicated, 
     responsible, focused, detail-oriented, able to adjust in a fast-paced working environment, collaborate well with other staff 
     members with a shared vision and demonstrate excellent organizational communication skills.
     Please submit English & Korean version CV in our job post.

Key Responsibilities
ㆍIdentify data collection points for battery production lines and develop standardized templates to ensure consistency and 
    uniformity in data collection
ㆍResponsible for real-time data collection, preprocessing, and synchronous uploading of data from battery production 
     lines,  ensuring efficiency and stability in data transmission.
ㆍContinuously monitor and track the completeness and accuracy of data collection, promptly identify and resolve data 
    quality issues to ensure data reliability.
ㆍFamiliar with the infrastructure and processes of existing data lakehouse development. Assist line managers on data 
    analysis.

Required Qualifications
ㆍBA degree or higher
ㆍExperience in data related software development
ㆍLanguage: Korean (native) & English (working level)
ㆍat least 4-5 years of experience in data engineering or a related field
ㆍFamiliar with the basic concepts of data lakehouses and data modeling; actual experience in data lakehouse 
    development is preferred.
ㆍProficient in programming languages such as Python and SQL, with practical experience in data analysis and 
    processing  experience with big data is preferred.
ㆍFamiliarity and effective use of common relational databases, such as SQL Server and MySQL 
ㆍAttention to detail, patience, strong communication skills, and the ability to effectively collaborate with cross-functional 
    teams 
ㆍCandidates with experience in data collection and analysis for battery production lines are preferred.

Place of Work 
ㆍUiwang, Gyeonggi Province 

Benefits 
ㆍPerformance Bonuses & RSUs : Provided for regular employees
ㆍHousing Allowance or Mileage Support : Offered for employees residing outside the Chungju/Uiwang area
ㆍFlexible Working Hours : accordance to company policy
ㆍFull Salary during Probation : 100% of salary paid throughout the probation period
ㆍPaid Vacation : Provided in accordance with Korean labor laws (halfday/day)
ㆍSick & Bereavement Leave : Available per company policy
ㆍHoliday Gifts : Gift certificates for Lunar New Year and Thanksgiving
ㆍOn-Site Amenities : Pantry area, snacks, and lunch provided for on site employees, Wework space available for remote employees

전형절차
ㆍ서류전형 > 1차면접 > 2차면접 > 임원면접 > 최종합격
ㆍ면접일정은 추후 통보됩니다.

유의사항
ㆍ허위사실이 발견될 경우 채용이 취소될 수 있습니다.