URL: https://www.saramin.co.kr/zf_user/jobs/relay/view?view_type=search&rec_idx=49329358&location=ts&searchword=%EB%8D%B0%EC%9D%B4%ED%84%B0%EC%97%94%EC%A7%80%EB%8B%88%EC%96%B4&searchType=search&paid_fl=n&search_uuid=e349981f-b225-4d9a-bc79-b03ec328cbb1

Iframe Text Content:
[외국계] EV Sales Engineer

 EV Sales Engineer – Seognam-si, Gyonggi-do, South Korea – Hybrid
  Come make the world and accelerate your success.
  It takes great people to achieve greatness. People with a sense of purpose and integrity. People with a relentless pursuit of excellence. People who care about making things better For Those Who Make The World™. Sound like you? Join our top-notch team of more than 50,000 diverse and high-performing professionals globally who are making their mark on some of the world’s most beloved brands, including DEWALT®, BLACK+DECKER®, CRAFTSMAN®, STANLEY®, CUB CADET®, and HUSTLER®.
  The Job:  
As a Sales Engineer, you’ll be part of our Sales team working as a hybrid employee.    You’ll get to:  
·      Increase market share and revenue by identifying new business opportunities.
·      Searching for new customers who might benefit from company products and maximizing customer potential in designated regions for Automotive and others industrial.
·      Providing timely and effective sales and technical presentations to prospective customers to ensure that the product and services offered are thoroughly explained, understood and sold.
·      Planning sales approach designed to determine the prospective customers needs and requirements for the products/services offered, and investment the prospective customer is willing to make.
·      Showing a thorough knowledge of all pricing procedures and strategies to ensure that contract estimates are accurate and will deliver the expected return.
·       Develop and manage sales forecast processes that meet the business requirement.
·       Contributes to team efforts by accomplishing related results as required.
·       Maintains and developing relationships with customers by providing support, information and guidance, recommending new opportunities and service improvement.
·       Identifies business opportunities by locating potential customers, evaluating position in the industry, and analyzing sales options.
·     Analyze costs and sales, Maximize growth on the existing product portfolio.
·      Managing customer requests and handling unresolved issues with designated resources and coordinating directly with customers.
·      Meet or exceed individual sales target and defined KPIs (Key performance indicator)

·      Manage the current allocated account such as HKMC, Tier1s and Heavy duties company, Shipbuilding, Industrial companies, etc.
·       Reviewing and building with related team for appropriate reports by reviewing customer's requirements.

Managing project status and finalizing project specifications, cost, time, and sample requirements by analyzing customer's requirem·       ent, market and competitors’ information and utilizing supplemental data.

·       Submit the quotation including the lead time of sample and mass production to customer and negotiate cost and price with customers.

·       Collect and report the market status and customer information in accordance with the data handling guideline.
  The Person:  
You love to learn and grow and be acknowledged for your valuable contributions. You’re not intimidated by innovation. Wouldn’t it be great if you could do your job and do a world of good? In fact, you embrace it. You also have: 
  ·       Minimum 5 years of sales experience in Automotive or Industrial industry including Heavy industries, Ship buildings are advantageous.
·       Experience in metal fasteners and hardware is a plus.
·       Self-motivated, Customer focused, Strong negotiation and communication skills.
·       Good skills in English.
·       CAD program knowledge is an advantage. (CATIA)
·       Strong selling and negotiation skills.
·       Good communications, negotiation, selling and coordinating skills.
·       Good service mind with stress tolerance and able to work as a team.
·       Hands-on report writing and data analysis skills.
·       Driving license.
    And More:
We want our company to be a place you’ll want to be – and stay. Being part of our team means you’ll get to:
·       Grow: Be part of our global company with 20+ brands to grow and develop your skills along multiple career paths.
·       Learn: Have access to a wealth of learning resources, including our Lean Academy, Coursera®, and online university.
·       Belong: Experience an awesome place to work where we have mutual respect and a great appreciation for diversity, equity, and inclusion.
·       Give Back: Help us continue to make positive changes locally and globally through volunteerism, giving back, and sustainable business practices.
  What’s more, you’ll get that pride that comes from empowering makers, doers, protectors, and everyday heroes all over the world. We’re more than the #1 tools company. More than a driving force in outdoor power equipment. More than a global leader in industrial. We’re visionaries and innovators. As successful as we’ve been in the past, we  have so much further to go. That’s where you come in. Join us!

Your LI # and one from below
  #LI-Hybrid
  근무조건
ㆍ 근무형태 : 정규직(수습기간)-3개월
ㆍ 근무일시 : 주 5일(월~금)
ㆍ 근무지역 : (13376) 경기 성남시 중원구 성남동 4132번지 4층 - 수인분당선 모란 에서 200m 이내
전형절차
서류전형
1차면접
2차면접
최종합격
접수기간 및 방법
ㆍ 접수기간 : 2024년 11월 4일 (월)
ㆍ 접수방법 : 사람인 입사지원
ㆍ 이력서양식 : 자유양식
유의사항
ㆍ입사지원 서류에 허위사실이 발견될 경우, 채용확정 이후라도 채용이 취소될 수 있습니다.

No images found in iframe.
